Last time on Sonic X,
our heroes crash-landed on the Egg Carrier
to search for Amy and the
rest of the Master Emerald.
Eggman caught Amy and
snatched a Chaos Emerald
away from her feathered friend Lily.
Meanwhile, Chris and Big rescued Froggy,
only to find themselves in the
clutches of the Chaos creature!
But Sonic and Knuckles showed up
and they were de-slimed in no time!
Eggman dropped a ticking time bomb
into the middle of Station Square,
but Tails used his technical
know-how to save the day.
What's next?
Find out now on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
I've gotta get this Emerald
to Knuckles somehow.
But how can I?
[Propellers]
I know! We'll use the X Tornado!
Good afternoon!
This is Scarlet Garcia,
reporting to you live from
inside the SSTV Newscopter.
Citizens of Station Square are breathing
a collective sigh of relief today
after narrowly avoiding a surprise
attack by the notorious Dr. Eggman.
Yesterday, residents were
thrown into a state of panic
when Dr. Eggman aimed a missile
into the center of the city.
A missile housing a ticking time bomb
that threatened to explode at any minute.
Aren't they going to show Tails?
Chao!
The situation seemed hopeless as tension
mounted and terror spread throughout the city.
However, thanks to the quick
thinking of Mr. Miles Prower,
known to his friends as Tails, the
danger was ultimately averted
and calm was restored.
City officials have announced plans to honor
Mr. Prower for his outstanding bravery.
I didn't know your real
name was Miles, Tails.
I like Tails better.
I agree. Tails is much more colorful.
Thanks, Mr. Tanaka.
Are all these strange people
outside here to see Tails?
Maybe you might wanna lay low
with us for a while, Tails,
and catch up on your rest.
Yeah! We haven't seen you in a long time!
Chao!
I can't stay, Cream. I'm supposed
to look for the X Tornado today.
I know!
Just leave it to me, Tails.
I've got the perfect idea.
[Murmuring]
[All gasp]
Hello!
Huh?
Pardon me! Time to walk
the little one! [Giggle]
Hey, lady! You sure you're not
hiding Tails in that thing?
I think you're pullin' a fast one!
We demand to see what you've got in there!
ALL: Show us! Show us!
Well alright, I will show
you, but he's very shy.
Gaga!
[Gasp]
Gaga gaga!
Isn't he a handsome little pumpkin pie?
He looks just like his daddy!
But I say he has my eyes.
Come on out, Tails. The coast is clear.
That was pretty close, Ella,
but we fooled 'em.
You make a great baby, Mr. Tanaka!
Glad to be of help, Tails.
Ga!
Bye!
AMY: He doesn't mean to be bad!
It's Eggman that's making him this way!
Eggman...
Dr. Eggman...
My master.
Beta. Delta. Epsilon.
I won't let you!
You saved my life.
I was glad to do it!
Just returning the favor.
Friend.
[Chirping]
Thank goodness you're okay!
I was afraid you'd never wake up!
[Beeping]
Eggman not friend.
Delete.
Must help friends.
Must help them!
[Sparkling]
Huh? What the-?
Woah...
Oh!
Huh...
[Squeaking]
What's this?
A sea monster?
Kinda creepy.
When anger and sadness
overflow like a mighty ocean,
beware the Great Calamity.
Is there someone there? Come on out!
I won't hurt ya.
Woah!
Hey! What's goin' on?
Where am I?
Huh!
It's awful! How could Father
do something so terrible?
[Crying]
No!
I must stop them!
[Grunts with effort]
Huh!
What did I just see?
It couldn't have been a dream.
It's Eggman! What's that fathead
floatin' around here for?
Well, there's only one way to find out!
Time to pay a little visit!
How rude!
Doesn't that hedgehog know how to knock?
[Alarms]
[Breaking glass]
I'll have to teach our
little friend some manners.
There!
[Lasers firing]
Wow, you really know how
to make a guy feel welcome!
[Lasers]
Have some more hospitality!
[Grunting]
[Evil chuckle]
Here, Sonic. Have a ball!
Wo-oah..!
I'll get you one of these days!
Augh!
Oh, well. Guess I'm just too fast for ya!
Ha!
Wha-?
Ha! I scared ya!
I scared ya! I scared ya!
You'd scare anybody, Bokkun.
I've got another super important
message from Dr. Eggman himself!
You'd better pay attention if
you know what's good for ya!
Alright, Sonic.
The time has come for me to settle
my score with you once and for all.
I think we need to have a man-to-hedgehog
chat in the lower chamber.
My assistant Bokkun will show you the way.
Make it snappy.
Aww..!
I have to do everything around here!
[Cries]
This better not be another trick, Eggman!
I'm through with tricks for today.
Now listen well, hedgehog,
because I've had just about enough of you!
I have been trying to establish
my egg-quisitely evil empire,
but you have been nothing
but a thorn in my side.
Every brilliant plan I put into action
has been systematically stymied by
you and your kindergarten cohorts!
You have wrecked my wretched
plans far too often,
but you won't get in my way again.
Do you hear me?
Your threats aren't gonna
scare me off, Eggman!
You really think you can get rid of me?
I don't think I can,
I know I can!
[Lasers]
Aah!
Huh!
You seem a bit jumpy.
What's wrong? Can't take the heat?
[Grunts]
I can take whatever you dish out!
Coward!
What's the matter? Had enough?
Woah!
Woaaah!
Oof!
Ughh...
[Grunts]
Nothing like a good game of squash!
[Thud]
[Explosion]
You will pay for this, Sonic!
Mark my words! You will pay!
[Explosions]
Man, I gotta get outta this place, and fast!
[Grunts]
Searching for E-Series robots.
Data received.
Location... Windy Valley.
Your brother and sister must
still be on the Egg Carrier.
There must be something we can do.
[Chirping]
[Worried Sigh]
BIG: Egg Carrier? What's that?
I never heard of it.
That's where Dr. Eggman's
hiding Lily's family.
BIG: Oh, yeah!
[Gasp]
BIG: You mean up in the sky
where they took Froggy?
Sure, I know that place!
Uh, did you just say something?
BIG: Naw... Froggy doesn't talk.
That was me!
Hi, little girl!
[Gasp] Who are you?
My name's Big. 'Cause I'm big.
And this little fella's Froggy,
'cause he's a frog.
He's my pal.
Nice to meet you, Big. I'm Amy!
Hey, Amy, is that the Egg Carrier over there?
[Scanning]
[Laser]
[Beeping]
Must re-program Delta.
Delete master.
Master deleted.
All data erased.
Shut down has been completed.
Delta, safe.
Epsilon, location detected.
Must delete master.
Master deleted.
All data erased.
Shut down has been completed.
Epsilon safe.
Beta location, unknown.
Gamma must find Beta.
[Laser blasts]
Beta still in Egg Carrier.
Don't worry! We'll get your brother
and sister out in no time, Lily!
Who knows, Lily?
Maybe the nice robot freed them,
just like he freed us!
[Chirps]
I bet they're flying around
looking for you right now!
But we'll find them no matter what!
[Beeping]
Searching for data.
E-Series robots.
Data located.
[Lasers blasting]
This place is so big!
I don't know where to start looking.
[Tired chirping]
Huh? Oh, don't be discouraged, Lily.
We won't give up no matter
how big this old ship is,
will we?
[Happy chirping]
Huh?
Where are we, Bocoe?
I don't know, but I think I've
got a dent in my database.
Am I malfunctioning, or are we back
in the middle of the Egg Carrier?
I think it is the Egg Carrier!
But how is that possible, Bocoe?
Simple! You see, the Egg Carrier
emits a very strong magnetic current.
That current, when combined
with the laws of gravity,
can become-
Oh boy.
Is that who I think it is?
It's Amy!
[Shaking]
Quick! Grab them before they get away again!
Oh! Oh!
Hold on tight, Lily!
Come back here, you!
[Yelps]
Open this door! You're not allowed in there!
What's this place?
[Electricity crackles]
Zeta.
Huh!
Look, Lily!
They're in the robots.
Quick! Let's get out of here!
Aah!
- Oof...
- Ugh...
Huh?
Don't even think about it, mister!
Aah!
Zeta data erased.
Shut down complete.
What do you suppose that
awful crashing sound was?
[Chirp!]
Beta.
[Blast]
[Screams]
[Anxious chirping]
Lily, no! Come back!
[Lasers]
Stop, Beta.
Eggman bad master.
Destroyed friends.
Eggman enemy.
Gamma not master.
Eggman master.
All enemies must be eliminated.
Beta!
Musn't shoot!
Gamma friend!
Gamma not master.
Eggman master.
All enemies must be eliminated.
Wait!
[Lasers firing]
AMY: Wait! Be careful!
[Explosion]
[Surprised gasp]
[Chirping]
Free now.
Gamma mission accomplished...
[Static]
[Lasers blasting]
Oh, no!
[Chirping]
[Excited chirping]
[All chirping]
[Relieved chirping]
You've done so much for Lily and me.
Oh, Mr. Robot. I'll never forget you.
[All chirping]
Hey, Sonic!
Huh?
What's up?
Hey, Tails! Glad to see you're okay!
Yeah! And Amy's okay, too!
Must be a storm coming.
[Lightning]
Blast that Sonic!
I've got to find some way to get
rid of that furry freak forever!
Chaos!
[Lightning]